In order to instantiate objects in C++,
we build and use constructors.
These are functions which construct objects of a class.
All classes come with a default constructor which takes no arguments.
But we can also define our own constructors so that there might
be multiple different ways to instantiate an object of the class.
As a rule of thumb,
the constructor should initialize the data members of the class.
It's also a good idea not to have any complex logic in
a constructor because you want to ensure that the constructor does not fail.
It's hard to handle errors that take place within the constructor.
Coming up, you're going to practice building
lots of different types of constructors. Here we go.